Codegen Testkit docs (#334)
lightbend/akkaserverless-java-sdk: docs/src/modules/java/pages/eventsourced.adoc

When more components are added the `AkkaServerlessFactory` is regenerated and you have to adjust the registration from the `Main` class.

> 

Author: Here starts the new content @patriknw

> === Unit Tests with autogenerated Testkit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Unit Tests with autogenerated TestKit
```

> We can test this Event Sourced Entity implementation with the SchoppingCartTestkit. This class is autogenerated by AkkaServerless when this project is compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can test this Event Sourced Entity implementation with the ShoppingCartTestkit. This class is generated by AkkaServerless when this project is compiled.
```

The following is a simplification of its contents but in essence, what we show in the next snippet is the signature of the available methods

.target/generated-test-sources/com/example/shoppingcart/domain/ShoppingCartTestKit.java
[source,java]
----
include::example$testkit/java-eventsourced-shopping-cart/intarget/generated-test-sources/akkaserverless/com/example/shoppingcart/domain/ShoppingCartTestKit.java[] 

> ----

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's much value in showing the generated code. That is implementation details that the user shouldn't have to understand. We should focus on how to use it in the docs.

Reviewer: ah, it's not the generated code but something representing it. ok

Reviewer 2: I'm still not entirely convinced, better show the generated unit test starting point and only mention the testkit imo.

<1> This constructor requires a `ShoppingCart` Entity so we can interact with this Entity through the `ShoppingCartTestKit`.
<2> This constructor allows us to set a state on the Entity, so we can start the test directly from the desired state instead of having to send all the commands that would produce such a state.
<3> This method returns the current state of the Entity. 
<4> This method returns the accumulated events from all the executed commands sent to the entity.
<5> This method calls to the method with the same name in the Event Source Entity passed in the constructor.

> Once we call an RPC method on the entity this gives us back a `Result`. This class has the following methods that we can use to assert our expectations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once we call a method on the entity this gives us back an `EventSourcedResult`. This class has the following methods that we can use to assert our expectations.
```

[source,java]
----

> include::example$testkit/com/akkaserverless/javasdk/testkit/EventSourcedResult.java[tag=available-methods] 

Reviewer: this could be a link to api docs instead

Author: And avoid the explanation of the callouts under this snippet altogether?

Reviewer: let's leave it like this for now and follow up later

----

> <1> This `Reply` is the response of the RPC method called in the test 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> This `EventSourcedReply` is the response of the method called in the test 
```
```suggestion
<1> This `Reply` is the response of the RPC method called in the test 
```

<2> This `List<Object>` are the events generated upon the RPC method called in the test. This list can be inspected multiple times. This method is idempotent.

> <3> This is the first of the events generated upon the RPC method called in the test. This event gets consumed once is inspected. This method is not idempotent.

Reviewer 2: I think we can show off only this event inspection way in the docs and leave the other "unsampled"
```suggestion
<3> This is the first of the events generated upon the method called in the test. This event gets consumed once is inspected. This method is not idempotent.
```
